here's the fifth prize from a dark
checker Luke could it be we're gonna
find out in a minute
this is the fifth prize this is the
final look on the TV screen he's in he's
who is Lauren who is it Oh Johnny
Johnny Namath Joe Namath from Glendora
California look at this bird look at
this birdies it's so hot outside he's
throwing up rule I mean that bird is
totally dehydrated because it looked
that bad but it looks like he went
through holy heck this pigeon gonna get
a close-up Johnny Namath you're going to
be on TV tonight look at him look at how
hot he is
poor bird all right Johnny you got the
last eleven hundred and fifteen dollars
we're going to Dominic it's all over Hey
sorry right here to the end say goodbye
to your friends back east by anybody you
know back east
whatever flip okay here you go the last
and final prize
John Namath Bonita
15:56 dark chick cut that's it
2010 Iron Eagle is now in the books
all the money's gone like and I'm on my
way
and it's 12:55 I still got 20 minutes to
get ready for a date how about this all
right buddy take care of thanks Tom no
problems approaching a train yard
we'll do it again make sure
yeah thank you but we'll go to Stettin
on the cure okay okay all right all
right
see ya
here we are is the final fibers as the
dark check just came in getting a drink
as the droppers one two three five birds
that are in from the Iron Eagle all over
walked as empty not empty perches
here comes sixth place Danny missed the
money by ten five minutes
maybe we go
here he is
there's a sixth-place bird come on boy
come on come on come on day six place
bird
this is Honorable Mention Sandstrom and
jones chad Sandstrom from Minnesota and
the Jones boys from Salt Lake City 885
only one bird entered under this team
flies all four races including the Iron
Eagle here's the view from back patio
looking at the mountain that's heading
due east you're looking right at Tucson
over that mountaintop going more to the
Northeast
a little fish pond everybody sits watch
the water law
all the chairs are empty
everybody's gone a bulletin board all
the results are posted every race
that's it 2010 is now history sober
until the 1st of March I'll start taking
birds again for 2011 thank you all for
your participation if you were here I
hope you had a good time